== README

Twitter APPLICATION

a) Static Pages
b) User, Sessions Model and Controller
c) Login and Authentication
d) Users and Tweets
e) Users Following and Followed
f) Users Hashtags: 
		User 
			has_and_belongs_to_many :hashtags

		Hashtag
			has_and_belongs_to_many :users

		user_id, hashtag_id
		
      # content - Find hashtags in the content (Use matcher to get all the hashtags)
      # Array of hashtag -- Loop through each tag
            # find hash tag if its  present
            # else create a new tag
            # push it to @micropost.hashtags


 g) search : start autocompleting from 3 charactors..


 h) Steps to create Email Production: (Development it just works if we configure smtp.gmail.com)

 	  a) Create a User account http://sendgrid.com/

 	  b) heroku addons:add sendgrid:starter, once its successfull (It might ask your credit card. Dont worry Daily 200 mails are free and it will not charge your credit card)
 	  		heroku config:get SENDGRID_USERNAME
 	  		heroku config:get SENDGRID_PASSWORD

 	  	Add these instance credentials to production.rb under environment foloer

 	  c)
 	  config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { :host => 'wditwitter.herokuapp.com' }
	  config.action_mailer.perform_deliveries = true
	  config.action_mailer.default_options = {from: '{SENDGRID_USERNAME}'}
	  #config.action_mailer.async = true
	  config.action_mailer.delivery_method = :smtp
	  config.action_mailer.smtp_settings = {
	    address:              'smtp.sendgrid.net',
	    port:                 587,
	    domain:               'heroku.com',
	    user_name:            '{SENDGRID_USERNAME}',
	    password:             '{SENDGRID_PASSWORD}',
	    authentication:       'plain',
	    enable_starttls_auto: true 
	   }

	   d) Follow ActionMailer documentation to send an email from your app



	i) Messaging by adding a mobile number to User model







Home work for the weekend

First - push your code up to github right now - and then post a link to it
on ihpchat 
I'd like you all to add two things to your projects.
Neither of them is a rails thing, but could be added to any site - they are
good for every website you build.


1) add one of the feedback tabs you may have seen around.
This will let users add suggestions for your site, feedback and bugs.

I will be using this feedback tab to give you feedback on your site
interface, so get it done soon.

The most commonly used service is "Get Satisfaction"
https://getsatisfaction.com/
But I can't easily see where you get the free version anymore.

Another is UserVoice:
https://developer.uservoice.com/

You can get the widget to put on your site here:
https://www.uservoice.com/widget/
ad paste the code into application layout



2) next add google analytics.
it's the most amazingly useful free thing you can get to keep track of who
is using your site. How long they are staying on different pages - which
pages they look at the most. Are they getting to your all-important "buy it
now" page, and if so - by what route through your pages... etc

You don't need to use any of the complicated gems (until you start getting
heavily into SEO). To start with, just go to the analytics website here:
http://www.google.com/analytics/
create an account for your app, get the tracking code and paste it into your layout
Hide full text

Other than this, there is no set homework. use this time to consolidate everything you've learned so far. Remember, next week we start javascript - so you will be moving away from ruby, so take some time now to practice ruby and get it thoroughly bedded in.